it should have been a day for
celebration the day that Gaza Secondary
School students sit their final
exams but instead around 39,000 young
people have had that opportunity taken
away from them by Israel's devastating
war on Gaza I would say um I would say
I'm totally depressed because I have
prepared for this moment for 12 years
and what should have happened didn't the
Situation's getting worse and worse
without the tji certific if that's the
end of the year exams DOA says her plans
are no longer possible and her future
looks bleak there's a scholarship where
there was a scholarship waiting for me
at alazhar University in Egypt but now I
lost it because I didn't join the toii
and I don't have the certificates that
shows that I'm a toii student so I lost
the scholarship I lost my education I
lost everything teacher sea El kurd says
this day has been terrible for her it's
the first time in 9 years she's not been
overseeing the final year
exams the Israelis are not only
destroying our homes and property but
also entire Generations even if the war
ends today 90% of school buildings have
been leveled to the ground for students
from first graders to University
undergraduates an entire Academic Year
has gone down the drain this is a total
loss physically and
mentally all universities in Gaza have
been destroyed
and nearly 300 state-run schools and 65
un schools have either been completely
or partly destroyed with them went years
of
work more than half a million students
have now been out of school since the
War Began and resuming study will likely
be difficult for a deeply traumatized
population imagin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz